Release/9.1.3 (#36)
ChartIQ/chartiq-react-app: react-components/README.md

The ChartIQ React Components is a React component library featuring chart components that can be easily imported into an existing React application.

> This package simplifies ChartIQ library use in the React framework. It requires ChartIQ library v9.1.3 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package simplifies ChartIQ library use in the React framework. A copy of the ChartIQ JavaScript library is required (works best with version v9.1.3).
```
I discussed with Brennan. We should use the "works best with" language here.
